Fix server URL (#2)
glpi-project/doc-agent: source/configuration.rst

    1. If you're not using **GlpiInventory plugin**:

>      Your server URL should look like: ``https://my-glpi-server/front/inventory.php``
>      
>      Using ``https://my-glpi-server/`` seems possible but in facts cause issues that are impossible to track. Please do not use that URL.

Author: ```suggestion
     Your server URL should look like: ``https://my-glpi-server/``, or  ``https://my-glpi-server/front/inventory.php``
     
     Using ``https://my-glpi-server/`` may cause issues fixed in GLPI 10.0.6. If you use an older version, it may be better to use the full URL for now.
```
